Added Alertmanager and 8.0 alerts content to What's New (#34925)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/whatsnew/whats-new-in-v8-0.md

These features are included in the Grafana open source edition.

> ### Grafana v 8.0 alerts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Grafana v8.0 alerts
```

> The new alerts in Grafana 8.0 are an opt-in feature that centralizes alerting information for Grafana managed alerts and alerts from Prometheus-compatible data sources in one UI and API. You can create and edit alerting rules for Grafana managed alerts, Cortex alerts, and Loki alerts as well as see alerting information from prometheus-compatible data sources in a single, searchable view. For more information, on how to create and edit alerts and notifications, refer to [Overview of Grafana 8.0 alerts]({{< relref "../alerting/difference-old-new.md" >}}).

Reviewer 2: Should probably link to the index page for this instead of the difference-old-new
```suggestion
The new alerts in Grafana 8.0 are an opt-in feature that centralizes alerting information for Grafana managed alerts and alerts from Prometheus-compatible data sources in one UI and API. You can create and edit alerting rules for Grafana managed alerts, Cortex alerts, and Loki alerts as well as see alerting information from prometheus-compatible data sources in a single, searchable view. For more information, on how to create and edit alerts and notifications, refer to [Overview of Grafana 8.0 alerts]({{< relref "../alerting/unified-alerting/_index.md" >}}).
```
